Event-Driven architectures can be built using two primary models.
    *1* Publisher/Subscriber (Pub/Sub) Model - (RabbitMQ)
            This model revolves around subscriptions. Producers generate events that are distributed to all
            subscribers for consumption. Once an event is received, it cannot be replayed, which means new
            subscribers joining later will not have access to past events.

    *2* Event Streaming Model - (Apache Kafka)
            In this model, events are written to a log in a sequential manner. Producers publish events are
            stored in a well-ordered fashoin. Instead of subscribing to events, consumers have the ability
            to read from any part of the event stream. One advantage of this model is that events can be
            replayed, allowing clients to join at any time and receive all past events.

        The pub/sub model is frequently paired with RabbitMQ as a popular option. On the other hand,
            Apache Kafka is a robust plarform widely utilized for event stream processing.

In this project we'll use RabbitMQ and in next project the Apache Kafka.
    Goal in this project is that account MS when creates account i'll pubslish a event to event broker(RabbitMQ).
    This published event will be consumed by a message/notification service which will notify the customer about creating
    of account vai email and sms.
    Then again message/notification service will also publish an event to about communication to customer with metadata.
    Then this event will be consumed by another servcie which will save all these details to a DB.
        1.(User): Some one try to create a new account
        2.(AccountMS):  New account get created and a request to send communication will be published into event
                        broker & response to end user will be intiated.
        3.(Event Broker): End user receives response that account created successfully.
                            Also the event broker receives the event details and push the same into a queue which the
                            message service subscribed.
        4.(Message Service): Receives the notification from event broker and read the details from the queue.
                            The data will be processed and an email, sms will be send to the customer.
        5.(Message Service): Once the message service process the communication, it publish an event async to
                                confirm the same.
        6.(Event Broker): The event broker receive the event details and push the same into a queue which the accounts
                            service subscribed.
        7.(Accounts Microservice): Receives the notification from event broker and update the DB columns accordingly
                                    about communication to customer.


        RabbitMQ, an open-source message broker, is widely recognized for its utilization of
        AMQP(Advanced Message Queuing Protocol) and its ability to offer flexible asynchronous messaging,
        distributed deployment and comprehensive monitoring.
        Furthermore, recent versions of RabbitMQ have incorporated event streaming functionalities into
        their feature set.

        When using an AMQP-based soution such as RabbitMQ, the participants engaged in the interaction can
        be classified into the following categories:

            Producer: The entity responsible for sending messages(also known as the publisher).
            Consumer: The entity tasked with receiving messages(also known as the subscriber).
            Message Broker: The middleware that receives messages from producers and directs them to the
                            appropriate consumers.

            Producer ---Send or produce message to---->Message Broker<----Receive or subscribe message from----Consumer

        The messaging model of AMQP operates on the principles of exchanges and queues, as depicted int the
        following illustration. Producers transmit messages to an exchanges. Based on a specified routing rule,
        RabbitMQ determines the queues that should receive a copy of the message. Consumers, in turn, read
        messages from a queue.
                                                            |--> Queue1 ---Receive or Subscribe message from------> Consumer 1
                                                            |
                                                            |
                                                            |
        Producer---Send or Produce message to---->Exchange--
                                                            |
                                                            |
                                                            |
                                                            |--> Queue2 ---Receive or Subscribe message from------> Consumer 2

RabbitMQ Doc: https://www.rabbitmq.com/tutorials

In this project we'll use Spring Cloud Function
    Spring Cloud Function facilitates the development of business logic by utilizing functions that adhere to
    the standard interfaces introduced in Java 8, namely Supplier, Function and Consumer.

    Supplier: A supplier is a function that produces an output without requiring any input. It can also
                be referred to as a producer, publisher or source.

    Function: A function accepts input and generates an output. It is commonly referred to as a processor.

    Consumer: A consumer is a function that consumes input but does not produce any output. It can also
                be called a subscriber or sink.

    
    Spring Cloud Function features:
        * Choice of programming styles - reactive, imperative or hybrid.
        * POJO functions (i.e., if something fits the @FunctionalInterface semantics we'll treat it as function)
        * Function composition which includes composing imperative functions with reactive.
        * REST support to expose functions as HTTP endpoints etc.
        * Streaming data (via Apache Kafka, Solace, RabbitMQ and more) to/from functions via Spring Cloud Stream
                        framework.
        * Packaging functions for deployments, specific to the target platfrom (e.g., AWS Lambda and possibly
                            other "serverless" service providers)

        Doc link: https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-function/reference/