Previously we developed few functions using spring clould functions,
we can build our business logic inside functions and these function if needed we can expose them as
REST APIs by just adding a dependency inside our pom.xml.

Bue we want to integrate our functions with the event brokers like RabbitMQ and Apache Kafka.
So in all such scenarios, we need to use the Sring Cloud Stream project.



Spring Cloud Stream

    Spring Cloud Stream is a framework designed for creating scalable, event-driven and streaming applications.
    Its core principle is to allow developers to focus on the business logic  while the framework takes care of
    infrastructure-related tasks, such as integrating with a message broker.

    Spring Cloud Stream leverages the native capabilities of each message broker, while also providing an
    abstraction layer to ensure a consistent experience regardless of the underlying middleware. By just
    adding a dependency to your project, you can have functions automatically connected to an external
    message broker. The beauty of this approach is that you don't need to modify any application code,
    you simply adjust the configuration in the application.yml file.

    The framework supports integration with RabbitMQ, Apache Kafaka, Kafaka Streams, and Amazon Kinesis.
    There are also integrations maintained by partners for Google PubSub, Solace PubSub+, Azure Event Hubs,
    and Apache RocketMQ.

    The core building blocks of Spring Cloud Stream are:
        Destination Binders: Components responsible to provide integration with the external messaging systems.
        Destingtion Bindings: Bridge between the external messaging systems and application code
                                (Producer/Consumer) provided by the end user.
        Message: The canonical data structure used by producers and consumers to communicate with Destination Binders
                        (and thus other applications via external messaging systems).


            first I will create a spring boot application and inside the spring boot application
            the developer will define his own functions whenever he add the dependency of spring cloud stream between
            your application and functions, there will be a layer will be created with the name destination bindings.
            So with the help of this destination binders only, the actual integration with the message systems
            and event brokers will happen.
            So once the integration happens behind the scenes, it is also going to create the destination binding.
            So with the help of destination binding only the actual integration between your application code
            and the messaging systems will happen.
            So the destination binding can be of two types input destination binding and output destination binding.
            Output destination binding,
            we need to use whenever we are trying to trigger an event from our microservice.
            Like you can see with the help of output destination binding, we are going to send our message to the
            exchange and exchange based upon the routing rules that we have defined,
            it is going to send the message to one of the queue, whereas input destination binding is responsible
            to read the messages from the queue.
            So someone is going to send the message to the exchange and from exchange it will come to the queue
            and from the queue with the help of input destination binding, your functions are going to read the
            message and process the same.

    Spring cloud stream doc: https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-stream/reference/