Now if we go to doc link https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/get-started/quick-start/quick-start/
and see there are instruction related to docker compose. which we need to configure to used the
grafana.

Now we already have docker-compose, so we would not implement it as it is we are going to make some
change and implement the grafana.

*1* Grafana Docker compose
    1st let's create a folder with name observability in folder docker-compose.
    then inside the observability we'll create folder loki where we'll store loki confguration.
    similary for Alloy also.

    The the next step is to update our docker-compose file. we'll make changes in prod profile.
    1st we commented the redis service to free up the resources for upcoming containers.
    now from grafana docker compose we'll copy all except the network, service tag and flog.
    as service tag we already have, network also we have eazybytes and we are not going 
    to use flog as we have our own MS, and paste it in the our docker compose file.

    Updated docker-composer in prod profile for our system.

    Building image for s11.

    After that we ran all containers using docker-compose file from prod profile.

    The we created an account & customer details, loan and card details as well using gatewayserver.
    then we fetch all details related to that customer using mobile number via gatewayserver.

    Now we can goto http://localhost:3000  --> this is the site for grafana dashboard.
    Here we can see the logs releadted to all containers in one place, we just need to select the
    container name from the dropdown. we even have serach and other filter which we can do in the logs.
       In exlore section we need select the tag as container then all containers will show.
       as you see the Alloy config at bottom we made target labale as container and source labale as container name

    Till now everything worked
    
    We we ran all MS and grafana, the minio which stores the data of Loki, it'll create a .data folder
    where docker-compose.yml to store the data.

*2* Metrics
   Using logs alone we can not monitor our applications. Because with the help of events, logs we can only
   try to understand what happened under a specific scenario or under a specific method.
   With the help of the logs, we can't understand what is the overall health of my accounts microservice
   or any other microservice.

   So to properly monitor the MS, we need to understand metrics details like what is the CPU usage, what
   is the memory usage, what is the headp dump usage, what are the threads connections errors.
   So that's why we need to make usre we are aslo collecting the metrics and using the sasme metrics.
   We need to build the dashboards so that operation team, they can always monitor our MS.

   Metrics are numerical measurements of an application's performance, collected and aggregated at regular
   intervals. They can be used to montior the application's health and performance, and to set alerts or
   notifications when thresholds are exceeded.
      We will use springBoot Actuator, Micrometer, Prometheus & Grafana to acheive the metrics.

      1. Actuator - Actuator is aminly used to expose operational information about running application
                     health, metrics, info, dump, env, etc. It uses HTTP endpoints or JMX beans to enable
                     us to interact with it.
                     We can goto path /actuator/metrics and we will be see many metrics that can help you
                     to monitor the MS instance.
                     Mannually going to each path and checking the health status is not feasible.

                     So we need something which can aggregate all the metric details for us.
                     Now we component already inside the open-source. The component is Prometheus
                     But it cannot understand the actuator responses because it's in JSON.

                     So we would another component in middle which can convert the actuator JSON into
                     which Prometheus can under. And that component is MicroMeter.

      2. MICROMETER - Micrometer automatically exposes /actuator/metrics data into something our monitoring
                     system can understand. All we need to do is include that vendor-specific micrometer
                     dependency in our application. Think SLF4J, but for metrics.
                        SLF4J --> helps to implement multiple logging framework with very less effort.
                           it is a facade.

                     weblink: https://micrometer.io/

      3. Prometheus - The most common format for exporting metrics is the one used by Prometheus, which is
                        "an open source systems monitoring and alerting toolkit". Just as Loki aggregates
                        and stores event logs, Prometheus does the same with metrics.

                        weblink: https://prometheus.io/

      4. Grafana -   Grafana is a visualization tool that can be used to create dashboards and charts from
                     Prometheus data.
                     Why we need Grafana again, because Prometheus has certain limitations.
                     We cannot build very complex dashboards and we cannot create alerts and notifications
                     with the Prometheus alone.
                     When we integrate Prometheus with Grafana, we can build a lot of dashboards and apart from
                     dashboards we can also create alerts and notifications.