We are going to use Grafana for observability and Monitoring.
Grafana has a lot of product which serves different requirements like
    Grafana Loki --> Log Aggregation System
    Grafana Tempo --> For tracing info

Grafana also have integration with different standards like OpenTelemetry, Prometheus etc
    Grafana + Prometheus --> Metrics, dashboard Alert

In the real Projects, it is not the developer responsibility to implement observability and
Monitoring.
The developer has to work with the operations team or platform team and implement the same.
But as MS developer we should know how these things work and implement at high level.

Overall Grafana ecosystem is large and have many tools. We are going to use below for mangage the logs.
    Grafana Loki
    Grafana Promtail --> discarded in lattest update now we have   Grafana Alloy

The Grafana provides various features like we can build charts, graphs, alerts for our web application
or MS by connecting with other supporting tools like Loki and Alloy.
We can install the Gragana and it's tools with the help of Docker, Docker-compose or kubernetes.

Grafana Loki is horizontally scalable, highly available log aggregation system.
It is designed to store any any amount of logs from your MS and applications.

So Loki is a centralized location where you can store all your microservies logs.
But with Grafana, Loki alnoe, we can't implement the log aggregation. We need to have have Alloy,
which is a lightweight log agents that will run inside your same network where the containers are running.

Configuration
    As a developer, we are not doing anything to send my logs to the Alloy or Loki or Grafana.
    The Alloy, which is a agent running inside the same network of your microservice containers.
    It is going to fetch and collect all the logs from the containers and forward them to the Loki.
    Loki is a storage system where it can store all the logs, since it is centralized location.
    In othere words, we can also call it as log aggregation system.
    So Loki  is like a floder location wherer we can store all our logs from all the containers.
    
    To view the logs we are integrating this Loki with the Grafana, we can visualize all the logs inside
    an application.
    Apart from visualization, we can also query and seach logs based upon our own criteria.


Doc: https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/get-started/quick-start/quick-start/


Flow:
    Lets say the application name is Flag.
    This application is going to generate and emit logs continuously.
    It is going to emit the logs and this log is deployed into a container.
    Now in the same network where log is deployed, the Alloy which is a log agent will be running.
    The responsibility of this Alloy is to read the new logs whenever generated by the log app and collect
    the same logs.
    And once the Alloy collected theose logs it has to send to the Loki, but it will not send directly to the
    Loki. In between there is an edge server like a gateway.
    With the help of this gateway is is going to send the logs to the Loki.
    Inside Loki there are two components like Loki read component and Loki write component.
    Because, Loki is capable of storing any amount of logs. To make it scalable and handle any amounts of
    log data.
    Grafana team built many separate components, so whenever the Alloy is trying to send the logs to the
    gateway, the gateway will see what is the URL that is invoked by the client. Here the client will be
    prompted and in the case where the request is coming from, the Alloy, it will redirect the request to
    the Loki write component.
    Once my Loki component receives the logs, it is going to store the logs in a component with the name MiniO.

    We can see all the diagram in doc link and stored in the project root directory as well.
