*1* We want to access variables/properties value stored in application.yml.
    Till Now we have seen 3 methods.
    1. using @Value annotation
        In this method we use @Value("${build.version}"). Using this we are pulling build.version value
        from application.yml then assiging it to the variables we defined below it like below.
                    @Value("${build.version}") 
                    private String buildVersion;
        Problem: In this method we are hardcoding the properties variables and also if multiple value need to
            fetch then we have to do it manually.
            And if we have multiple controller then in each controller we need to do that.

        Another issue faced that we were using AllArgsConstructor and after running the application it caused
        failur beacuase it was looking for bean of buildVersion variables which we created.
        So commented the @AllArgsConstructor and build constructor dedicatly for IAccountServices.



    2. using Environment class
        In this method we first fetched Environment class.
        Now in this Environment class we have certian keywords using which we can fetch properties value.
        Like JAVA_HOME to pull the version of java being used in project.
                MAVEN_HOME to pull maven version being used in project.

        Pro: we don't need to hardcode the variables names of application.yml anymore.
        Con: Still we need remember or get what is the keywords for our requirement and also again
            for multiple controller we need use the same again and again

    3. using Configuration properties
        In this method whatever properties we want to fetch from application.yml we need to give it a prefix
        Same we did and the prefix is account.
        And inside that account we defined centain variables 

        Now to pull these values we created a DTO and this is of RECORD type not class not interface.
        In this Dto we just need to add annotation @ConfigurationProperties and pass the prefix which we created
                @ConfigurationProperties(prefix = "accounts")
        and we just need to pass the variables of application.yml and it should be same as defined in application.yml

            Now we can use this Dto where we want to pull the properties value
        Note: we need to add annotation at root/AccountsApplication.java and pass the dto class here
                    @EnableConfigurationProperties(value = {AccountsContactInfoDto.class})

        Pro: No need of hardcoding anymore also since we have DTO we can easyly use it anywhere no
                matter how manually controller we have

        Cons: we are still keeping things hardcode in application.yml and if we are changing the Environment
            like dev, uat, prod then we may need to change the values in application.yml which needs code change

            We have two option for it one is profile creation and spirng will pick the profile what we pass
                like application_uat.yml, application_dev.yml, application_prod.yml
                Now we can use spring.profile.active = prod        this will activate on prod one.
                    and if we need to activate multiple file then we can pass comma seprated value.
            Second option is passing the value from outside lets see

    4. Use of multiple profile for different Environments
        Now we have three profile defined
            application.yml -> default or for dev
            application_qa.yml -> for qa/testing Environment
            application_prod.yml -> for prod Environment

        Now the port of our application and H2 database is not going to change based on Environment
        as of now only the other value which defined under account prefix is going to change.
            We choose version as 3.0 for default or dev then 2.0 for qa and 1.0 for prod
            also other value also going to change.
        
        Other than build version and details we have added below which convey spring to use this profile
        i try to activate name using qa. Similarly we'll do for prod.
                        spring:
                            config:
                                activate:
                                    on-profile:"qa"

        Now once done that we need to tell spring boot we have created 2 extra profiles in default application.yml
                spirng.config.import={application_qa.yml, application_prod.yml} in yml format as we are using .yml not .properties

        By default spring is going to use application.yml, if we want to use other profile we need to active it
        using below in application.yml under the sping:    this will activate the qa one
                                profiles:
                                    active:
                                    - "qa"
        what springboot does is that it check properties defined in default and qa. then whatever diffence
        if finds it overrides internally from qa to default then run the appplication.

        Now question is if we want to activate the prod one then we need to edit the application.yml and change
        the qa to prod. we will see how can we do that without making change in qa