cmd:    helm ls     shows list of running helm charts.
cmd:    helm env    shows the locations for where it getting environment varibale to access the Kubernetes
                    cluster.

cmd:    helm uninstall <charName>       removes/deletes the chart also remove the Kubernetes cluster


*1* Creation of 1st chart

        As we know that heml is package manager like pip in python.
        helm helps in mitigate the manual work which we were doing eariler with Kubernetes cluster.
        like mannually executing command to start/apply new manifest file, mannually running cmd for
        rollout, rollback. Also we have to do it 1 by 1 for each manifest.

        Helm will create single file/chart which will allow to execute manifest file for within from a
        single chart also rollout, rollback of whole cluster etc.

        1st create the helm char with command: helm create <chartName>
            executed: helm create eazybank-common

        After executing above command a folder will be created with name eazybank-common in the folder
        where command got executed.
        So whenever we create a helm char using above command, it gives some predefined templates and yaml files

        Since we want to create our own chart we'll remove the templates folder and the file within that chart.
        Also the values present in values.yaml, we are not going to use, so will remove that as well.

        And others are fine.

        Copy pasted the files in templates folder from instructor git repo.

        For better understanding of files follow the order as
            1st service.yaml       2nd deyployment.yaml           3rd configmap.yaml


*2* Creation of Helm chart for Accounts MS

        Now we'll see how we can use eazybank-common to create a helm chart for accounts MS.
        As in eazybank-common folder only we have defined all the required Kubernetes manifest template files.
        
        For the same we create a new folder with name eazybank-services, inside this folder we are going to
        create all the helm charts that are required for our MS.

        Now open cmd in same folder and run the below command to create new template chart
                helm create accounts

            The we'll same process as earlier delete the files inside the the template folder and also
            delete the default data present in values.yaml

        Now as we know that if any helm chart have dependency to another helm chart then we need to mention the list of
        helm chart in Chart.yaml 
        And we know that all our MS is going to depend on eazybank-common helm chart. hence we'll mention the same.

        Now we need to add the template in accounts helm chart
            To deploy the accounts MS we need only two Kubernetes manifest file which are deployment and service if remeber.
            But only difference is that eariler we added both deployment and service in single file using --- as file seprator.

            We are adding same files here only in content we'll just add a line which instruct to helm that
            for the content of this refer to eazybank-common.
            As are required fileds for these 2 files we have mentioned in eazybank-common helm chart.

        Now next is that we need to pass the values to deployment and service .common and those
        values will be injected into them.
        These value we'll provide using the file values.yaml from accounts helm chart.

        Now if we notice that chart folder is empty. and we know that all the dependent helm charts will
        be available inside the chart foder, but right now it is empty because we have not compiled our
        hem chart as of now. Once we comple all dependent chart will populate in charts folder of accounts
        helm chart.

        Now we'll compile the helm chart.
        So to compile open cmd in eazybank-service/accounts folder and run the below command

            cmd:    helm dependencies build

            The above commnad will compile the accounts helm chart and it will also try to compile all
            the dependent helm charts and place them inside the chart folder.
        We don't need to run the above build command for eazybank-common helm chart as it does not have any
        depenednt helm chart.


*3* Now creation of helm chart for other MS.

        copy paste the accouts helm chart and rename to cards.
        then update the accounts to cards in Charts.yaml at name at 2nd line.
        then in values.yaml and replace accounts with cards.
        And update the port to 9000 and in the boolean values we'll mark kafka as false.
        That's all updated needed. simple then creating from start

        Similarly will do for loans.
        will do similar thing other MS as well.

        in configserve, in boolean only appname_enabled and otel_enabled will be true.
        doing similar changes for eureakserver, gatewayserver and message MS.
        And since gatewayserver is the only MS which is going to be exposed outside of kubernetes cluster
        hence it's service type will be LoadBalancer.

        Note for all above MS the depenednt helm chart is same hence using the copy pasted compiled helm 
        should not create issue.
        But if needed we can recompile the all helm chart related all MS


*4* Creation of another helm chart to execute all MS from that single helm chart.

        As of now, we have created the required helm chart for our MS.
        But with this setup, we need to install all these helm charts manually one by one, like accounts,
        cards, configserver etc.
        
        We are uisng helm chart to mitigate one of this issue to do thing one by one seprately for each MS.

        Now we'lll create one more helm chart specific to an environment and inside that environment specific
        helm chart, I'm going to define all the config map related values along with the dependencies on
        these MS helm charts that we have created till now.
        environment like prod, qa, default.

        we'll create a environment folder and inside that all environment helm chart we'll create
        1st we'll create for dev-environment, so run the command to create new helm chart
                helm create dev-env

        then we'll again do same thing delete all files from templates folder and clean data from
        values.yaml and updated the version appVersion in Charts.yaml

        Then we'll add the dependent helm chats in Charts.yaml of dev-env helm chat.
        And what will be dependencies, it'll be all MS helm chart and eazybank-common.

        Now we need to add the templates in dev-env.
        And in dev-env or any other environment helm chart we don't need deployment.yaml and service.yaml
        as those two are already present in all MS and environment does not need those.
        So environment helm char only need configmap.yaml in templates folder. and we'll import that from
        eazybank-common.

        Now template is done, we need to pass the value to configmap.yaml as well, so we need to add
        values in values.yaml of dev-env
        And if you notice we have mentioned global prefix in values.yaml as all values will should
        be available to all MS.

        now let's compile this dev-env helm chart using below command
            helm dependencies build         in cmd at dev-env location

        
        Now like we did for MS, copied the one MS and renamed the file and few data inside with new MS, we'll
        do the same here for qa and prod.
            and we need to updated only three thing name in Charts.yaml and
                confgimapName, profile in values.yaml



*5* Useful helm Commands

        Sometimes before we try to install the helm charts, we may want to know how our kubernetes manifest
        file is going to look like that are going to be generated by the helm chart.
        So to do the same validation, we have a command inside the helm.

        lets open cmd in dev-env folder and run the below command
                helm template .

            above command will print the kubernetes mainfest file for all MS in cmd prompt.
            we can verify from that, is it correctly generating the kubernetes maanifest file.


NOTE: {{/*  */}} is used for comments in helm yaml. and {% comment %} {% endcomment %} is used in Django.
        hence incorrect syntax caused error.
        so updated all the comments with correct syntax.


*5* Install KeyCloak in Kubernetes Cluster using Helm Chart

        Helm has a very good community, so we should be able to easily find the helm charts to install
        any product inside the software industry.
        For examplem if we want to install Kafka inside our Kubernetes cluster, we don't have to prepare
        Kubernetes manifest files manually. Instead, we can relly on the helm charts available inside the
        web.

        So one such company and community, which always maintain these helm charts whith a great production
        standartds is Bitnami. So bitnami makeit easy to get your favorite open source softwares up and
        running on any platform, including laptop, Kubernetes or all the major clouds.

        We'll use Bitnami Helm charts to install all the products like Kafka, Grafana, Prometheus, KeyCloak
        inside our Kubernetes cluster.
        Bitnami repo: https://github.com/bitnami/charts
                        https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami

            To download the helm charts we can download the repo as zip.
            And extract the required helm charts in local from the zip.
        
        1st we'll do for KeyCloak.
            By default KeyCloak helm chart set to service type as ClusterIP.
            But since we want to access the KeyCloak to create the client details and roles information,
            We are going to expose the KeyCloak service as a LoadBalancer.
            So to change this behavior, we need to open the values.yaml present inside the KeyCloak helm chart
            and update the ClusterIP to LoadBalancer.

