Kubernetes:
        When we have to run too many container to manage them we use Kubernetes, it was developed by google
        then later they made it open-source.

    We have option to enable Kubernetes in doker desktop itself. There are other services as well, we'll
    go with docker desktop.     https://docs.docker.com/desktop/use-desktop/kubernetes/
    
    After enabling it we can follow the doc.
    Note that there is not any desktop dashboard for kubernetes, hence for dashboard we need to use
            helm as per document https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/web-ui-dashboard/
            We can install helm directly or via package manager. I have scoop installed previosly, hence used that.
                https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/

    After installing helm, follow the doc https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/web-ui-dashboard/
    to setup the dashboard for kubernetes.
        executed following cmd:
                helm repo add kubernetes-dashboard https://kubernetes.github.io/dashboard/
                helm upgrade --install kubernetes-dashboard kubernetes-dashboard/kubernetes-dashboard --create-namespace --namespace kubernetes-dashboard
            
            After running above two cmd as per the doc, we should get sucess msg.
            Setting dashboard takes few min. After that there is cmd with success msg which need to run to
            access the dashboard. Follow the instruction in success msg.

            To access Dashboard run:
                kubectl -n kubernetes-dashboard port-forward svc/kubernetes-dashboard-kong-proxy 8443:443

            Once we ran above commands and goto https://localhost:8443/ it'll ask token to login.
            To get login we need to create the user, for user creation there is a hyper link which has
            doc for user creation we can follow that.
            User creation of brear doc:
            https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/blob/master/docs/user/access-control/creating-sample-user.md

*2* User Creation for kubernetes dashboard using helm

        Doc: https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/blob/master/docs/user/access-control/creating-sample-user.md

        As per do we need create a file with name dashboard-adminuser-yaml and past the following.
                    apiVersion: v1
                    kind: ServiceAccount  #ServiceAccount is a predefined object inside the Kubernetes, which tells what kind/type of user we want.
                    metadata:
                        name: admin-user #name/username of the ServiceAccount
                        namespace: kubernetes-dashboard #I don't know what namespace signify here, but not mentioned the user will be created under defual namespace. hence we are giving the custome to easy the identification.

            then we need to run the cmd ~ kubectl apply -f dashboard-adminuser.yaml
                kubectl -- is for kubernetes  like for docker we use docker in cmd and git for git in cmd.

            After running the command we'll get response as serviceaccount/admin-user created
        
        I have created a folder with KubernetesDashboard and store the file there.

    
        Creation of user completed but we need add privilages to the account which we created.
        Same thing we can see in the doc as well with section name as Creating a ClusterRoleBinding
            like earlier again we'll create file and paste the yaml code there and pass it kubernetes
            using same command, just update the file name.

                    apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
                    kind: ClusterRoleBinding #Again same what is kind/type of the following yaml
                    metadata: #details related to user
                        name: admin-user #name of the ClusterRoleBinding, like name this process. keepeing same as username/serviceaccount.
                    roleRef: #details related to role
                        apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io #the api of role
                        kind: ClusterRole #what kind/type/group of role it is.
                        name: cluster-admin # the role name which we want to assign to the user
                    subjects: #details to who the role is to be assigned
                    - kind: ServiceAccount #type of the user
                        name: admin-user #the username of the user/serviceaccount
                        namespace: kubernetes-dashboard #the namespace/group (like qa,prod etc) where the user is.

            cmd kubectl apply -f dashboard-rolebinding.yaml
            response clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/admin-user created
            created file with name dashboard-rolebinding.yaml and pasted theyaml and ran the command.



        Creation of user and assigning the privilages are done.
        Now we need to fetch the token using which we'll login to docker desktop as per the Doc.
            cmd kubectl -n kubernetes-dashboard create token admin-user
                    -n --> namespace

        After running the cmd we'll get the token use that to login to dashboard.




*3* Kubernetes Dashboard

    By defualt namespace is selected as default, we'll change it to kubernetes-dashboard from the dropdown
    at the to ribbon.

    Once changed we'll able to see the running detials of kubernetes.
        Insturctor:
            Deployment: 2
            Pods: 2
            Replica Sets: 2

        Mine (Don't know why mine is different. But currently all running by kubernetes only.)
            Deployment: 5
            Pods: 5
            Replica Sets: 7

    Form left side of menu we can go to in serviceaccount section and see all service account which we created.
    Then we can goto Cluster Role Binding see all ClusterRoleBinding there we can see a cluster with
        name admin-user. Note: we created both service account and ClusterRoleBinding with same name.

        once we click on the cluster admin-user, we'll able to see the roles within the cluster and also
        the user/serviceaccount within that cluster.
            Role: Cluster-admin,      user- admin-user

        If we click at the role Cluster-admin, it'll show the rules/privilages it provides if a user is
        assigned with that role.
            like here all role is assigned, if you notice at all role astric * is there.

        So any user with role cluster-admin will be superuser.

    
    Now the token which got from the command is short lived. It means that we need to fetch the token
    again and again with that command.
    If we follow th Doc, we'll see the way to get long-lived brear token steps using a yaml file.
        https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/blob/master/docs/user/access-control/creating-sample-user.md

    so creaed a file with name secret.yaml and pasted the yaml from the doc to the file.
    now again same cmd kubectl apply -f secret.yaml

    Then we can run he cmd to get token.
    kubectl get secret admin-user -n kubernetes-dashboard -o jsonpath="{.data.token}" | base64 -d

    we can use the token for longer, if dashboard got logged out due to timeout then same token again
    we can use no need to fetch new token.


*4* Deployment of MS at kubernetes cluster
        To get stared with the deployment of our microservices.
        First, we need to give insturctions to the Kubernetes on how we want to deploy our MS and how
        we want to expose them.
        All these information we need to provide thenm in a yaml configuration.

        Whatever we have used with the help of Docker compose, we cannot simply give those to the
        Kubernetes because kubernetes cannot understand the format or syntax of the Docker compose,
        kubernetes has its own format.

        The 1st MS we are going to deploy in kubernetes is configserver(profile ms).

        Created new folder KubernetesMicroservices and inside that folder created a file with name
        configserver.yaml
        copied the yaml and pasted in the file from the instructor repo. Also we can find the similar
        insturctions in Doc of kubernetes 
            https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/

            https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/run-stateless-application-deployment/

        I have add neccessary comments in the yaml file.
        these kubernetes configuration file also known as kubernetes manifest files, and this is
        industry standard. So we should always call them as Kubernetes manifest files.

        We can run below cmd to get existing deployments.

            cmd:    kubectl get deployments         this command will show all deployments
            cmd:    kubectl get services            this command will show all the services
            cmd:    kubectl get replicaset          this command will show all the replica
            cmd:    kubectl get Pods                this command will show all the pods running

        Now we'll deploy the configserver using manifest file we have created. open cmd where the manifest
        file is there and open cmd and run below commands
            cmd:    kubectl apply -f configserver.yaml          this command will create the service and deployment

        now after running the apply command we run above get commmand to see the details.
        or we can goto kubernetes dashboard to see the details.
        like sercives, replica And pods.
        Inside the pods option we'll see the pod running for configserver, we can go inside then click
        on 4line / log button to see the springboot logs.

        now lets see we see the profiles with api links.
            http://localhost:8071/accounts/prod      (success showed both prod and defaul as per expected)
            http://localhost:8071/loans/prod        (success showed both prod and defaul as per expected)
            http://localhost:8071/eurekaserver/default     as eurekaserver only single profile.  (success)


*5* Environment variable in Kubernetes cluster

        Eariler in docker-compose file we used to pass a lot of environment variables from the docker-compose file
        for example, what profile need to activate - prod, qa or default. url of configserver, url of eureakserver etc.

        All all of our MS need these environment variables to get started. We need to look for an option on how
        to create the same kind of environment varibles inside the kubernetes cluster as well.

        For the same, we are going to create an object of configmap inside kubernetes.
        Doc: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/
        as per the doc: A ConfigMap is an API object used to store non-confidential data in key-value pairs.
                        Pods can consume ConfigMaps as environment variables, command-line arguments, or as configuration files in a volume.
        
        In the doc we can see the syntax of kubernetes manifest file for this configmap for our environment variables
        we'll use the same.

        Like configmap we also have secrets manifest option if we see in doc at left index bar. we can use for confidential things.

        Let's focus on configmap.
            Created a file with name configmap.yaml in same folder KubernetesMicroservices.
            And copy pasted the yaml for instructor repo. will put comments in yml for better understanding.

            Again after done which file need run the command to apply the manifest file.
                cmd: kubectl apply -f configmaps.yaml
            After running the command we can goto kubernetes dashboard and goto configmaps from left side index bar.
            and we'll a option with name ezaybank-configmap which we provided in yaml file.
            and inside that we'll able to see all the environment variables.

*6* Deploy Remaining MS by creating manifest file.

    Here we don't have thing like docker-compose which we can run single time and all MS will start
    we have to run the command for each file seprately.
    Also we'll create seprate file for each MS.
    And also adding serial number prefix, and with same order we need to run the apply command.
    Also only run the next file when previous is successfully started as here we don't have health check
    and depends on option.
        either we can check from kubernetes dashboard at pods or the get command of kubectl to check the status
        of the instance/pod/service etc. we can also check in eureakserver the same thing.

    I have added comments in 1_keycloak.yaml
    Also we are going to use s12 image instead of s13 or s14 as, as per instructor there is easier approach
    than kafka which he'll introduce latter.

    Below commands we'll run
        kubectl apply -f 1_keycloak.yaml

        kubectl apply -f 2_configmaps.yaml

        kubectl apply -f 3_configserver.yaml

        kubectl apply -f 4_eurekaserver.yaml

        kubectl apply -f 5_accounts.yaml

        kubectl apply -f 6_loans.yaml

        kubectl apply -f 7_cards.yaml

        kubectl apply -f 8_gateway.yaml

    Now to stop all running pods we need use the following commands.

        kubectl delete -f 1_keycloak.yaml

        kubectl delete -f 2_configmaps.yaml

        kubectl delete -f 3_configserver.yaml

        kubectl delete -f 4_eurekaserver.yaml

        kubectl delete -f 5_accounts.yaml

        kubectl delete -f 6_loans.yaml

        kubectl delete -f 7_cards.yaml

        kubectl delete -f 8_gateway.yaml

*7* Self healing testing

        Deleted a pod and kubernetes automaticaly created new container as per the number of
        desired replica configured in manifest file.

            To delete a pod: kubectl delete pods keycloak-6787c6d8b6-j87l5
            to check the status: kubectl get pods
            to check the status: kubectl get replicaset

            Also we have another command which shows event occured till now. like a log of events
            cmd: kubectl get events --sort-by=.metadata.creationTimestamp

*8* update the container with latest container and rollback to pervious cotainer.

        we'll try to migrate to the another container from current container like currently running
        s12, we'll migrate to s11 think of it as new relase.
        Then we'll also see how to rollback to s12 previous state from s11 like stimulating new relase has
        some issue need to to fallback to pervious version.

        1st upgarade
        cmd: kubectl set image deployment gatewayserver-deployment gatewayserver=eazybytes/gatewayserver:s11 --record

        After running the above command, kubernetes will first try to pull the image and start the container
        only after this it'll start terminating the previous running container.
        While pulling or strating new container if any issue occured kubernetes will stop there and will not
        initate the termination of previous running container.

        2nd rollback

        we need to run the command
            kubectl rollout history deployment gatewayserver-deployment
        
        Above command will show all rollout happened upgrade, downgrade, error rollout etc.
        We can see two column, 1st Revision (shows serial number) and 2nd is change-cause (shows command/cause of rollout)
        we can run the following to command to rollback as per the serial number. we put the serial number at command at which we want to rollback
            cmd: kubectl rollout undo deployment gatewayserver-deployment --to-revision=1           here 1 is the revision serial number


*9* Kubernetes Service types

    there are three service types ClusterIP Service, NodePort Service, LoadBalancer Service.
    1. ClusterIP Service: This is the default service that uses an internal Cluster IP to expose Pods.
                In ClusterIP, the service are not available for external access of the cluster and used
                for internal communications between different Pods or microservices in the cluster.

    2.  NodePort Service: This service exposes outside and allows the outside traffic to connect to K8s
                Pods through the node port which is the port opened at Node end. The Pods can be accessed
                from external using <NodeIp>:<NodePort>

    3.  LoadBalancer Service: This service is exposed like in NodePort but creates a load balancer in the
                cloud where K8s is running that receives external requests to the service. It then distributes
                them amoing the cluster nodes using NodePort.


    If remember in each manifest file at second yaml, we have give the service type in spec section.
    previosly in each manifest file we have given LoadBalancer as service type.
    But that's not appropriate. for example since we have gatewayserver and we are using docker/kubernetes
    network as firewall, we don't want to expose some MS to outside of kubernetes network.
    We want to allow access of all MS through only gatewayserver.
    To acheieve the same we can use all 3 types of services.

    For example for accounts MS
        type: ClusterIP        port: 80         targetPort: 8080        and lets say replicas=2


                                                    |
                                                    |
                                            External Traffic
                                                not allowed
                                                    |               |--->WorkerNode 1 (accounts MS pod) at Port 8080
                                                   \|/              |
        Internal Traffic-------Port 80 ---------> ClusterIP----------
    (from other pods inside                  (ClusterIP provides a  |
    the K8s cluster)                           load-balanced IP     |--->WorkerNode 2 (accounts MS pod) at Port 8080
                                                    address)
                    
    As we can see that we have two replica of accounts MS running at seprate pod and wokernodes and both running
    at 8080 port.
    Also we can see that to connect accountsMS we have only one option to go through ClusterIP and also they should should
    pass the port as 80 with ClusterIP as the accountsMS is exposed at port 80 within network or they can communicate
    using service name which accounts.
    And as we know ClusterIP only accept or accessable thorugh only internal network and same within same cluster
    and only other internal pods can communicate with it within K8s cluster.
    Hence external traffic will never reach accountsMS and if tried they'll not found error.

    Like showed in example ClusterIP serves our pupose for all MS which we don't want to expose outside,
    but internally other pods should be able to connect it.
    So we'll use ClusterIP for all MS except gatewayserver.




    K8s NodePort Service
    Services of type NodePort build on top of ClusterIP type services by exposing the ClusterIP service
    outside of the cluster on high port (default 30000-32767). If no port number is specified then
    Kubernetes automatically selects a free port. The local kube-proxy is responsible for listening to
    the port on the node and forwarding client traffic on the NodePort to the ClusterIP.

    For example for accounts MS
        type: NodePort        port: 80         targetPort: 8080         nodePort:32593        and lets say replicas=2

    If anyone want to consume the acount MS, then they need to send that traffic to the IP address of the
    worker node one or worker node two and post the IP address they shoul dmention the NodePort value, which
    is 32593 as configured(if not configered next available port in range 30000-32767 will be assigned).
    So once the traffic is received at this node port, the kubernetes cluster is going to forward that
    request to the ClusterIP address at the service name that we have defined.
    And from the cluster IP, the load balancing will distribute between the two different parts available
    in two different worker nodes.

    But there is a drawback here with this NodePort service.
    The external client applications, they should know what is the IP address of worker node one or worker
    Node two.
    And suppose think like there is a scenario, One of the worker node has some issues, then Kubernetes
    automatically can kill that WorkerNode. And in the place of that worker node, it is going to bring
    a new WorkerNode. That means it is going to get a new IP address. So in this kind of scenarios,
    the client applications should always update their worker node details or IP address details.
    Hence that's why most of the people, we don't use this NodePort service.
    Instead we use the LoadBalancer Service.




    K8s LoadBalancer Service
        The LoadBalancer service type is built on top of NodePort service types by provisioning and
        configuring external load balancers from public and private cloud providers. It exposes services
        that are running in the cluster by forwarding layer 4 traffic to worker nodes.
        This is a dynamic way of implementing a case that involves external load balancers and NodePort
        type services.

    For example for accounts MS
        type: LoadBalancer        port: 80         targetPort: 8080        and lets say replicas=2

        This is very similar to NodePort, but on top of the NodePort that we have exposed.
        The Kubernetes is going to provide us a load balancer. And this LoadBalancer will have a public
        IP address, which is never going to change until unless a kubernetes admin is going to change.
        So the same public address can be mapped to a DNS name or to the domain name and to this domain
        name or to this public address the client applications can send the traffic.

        So whenever my LoadBalancer, which is staying outside my Kubernetes cluster, is receiving the traffic,
        it will identify to which worker node it has to send the request.
        Suppose think like it decided to send the request to the workere node one.
        In that scenario, the request will be forwarded to the NodePort and from the node port the traffic will
        go to the ClusterIP and from ClusterIP it will eventually go to the accounts MS container.


        So the advantage that we have with this LoadBalancer is that we can expose the traffic to the
        external world just like inside NodePort, but compared to nodePort LoadBalancer service has an
        advantage, which is it is going to provide a LoadBalancer, which is always going to have a public
        IP address which you can map to your domain name regardless of how many worker nodes you are trying
        create inside your Kubernetes cluster or how many worker nodes we are trying to delete them.
        So regardless of whatever is happening inside your Kubernetes cluster, it is not going to impact
        your client application in any way because the LoadBalancer is always going to be static with the
        IP address at the domain name that we have mapped. And same can be used by our client
        application.

        And this LoadBalancer, whatever created by the Kubernetes cluster, it is always going to track what
        is happening inside the Kubernetes cluster.