By default Kubernetes does not have service registery, service discovery and loadbalancing, we need to configure that.
In spring cloud, we have project with name spring cloud Kubernetes which will help us to setup the all.
        Doc: https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-kubernetes#overview
        
        Insturctor is using this blog for setup: https://spring.io/blog/2021/10/26/new-features-for-spring-cloud-kubernetes-in-spring-cloud-2021-0-0-m3

*1* setup
        Copy the mainfest file place inside a file from the blog.
        pasted at kubernetes/kubernetes-discoveryserver.yml

        Also updating the yml file and yml file is old its not working properly, hence some modification is needed.

        #whenever kind as list mentioned means we create any number of kubernetes objects under the items section.

        # the lattest image tag we can check in docker hub at springcloud/spring-cloud-kubernetes-discoveryserver

        by default the kubernetes will check the health after start of pod in 10 or 20 sec and if not started then
        it'll restart the pod. And if systemis slow then this will continue like infinte loop unitll retry limit hit.
        Hence provided 100sec as time, which tells that only test for health and liveness after 100 sec of start of container
        and then if not got true response then restat.

        Also added a time of 30 sec. As once pod started successfully, the kubernetes is going to monitor it health and
        liveness and for that by default it'll probe every 5 or 10 sec. hence provided 30sec, which means i asking
        do the health and liveness check with 30 sec interval.

        now since the mainfest file is ready we can setup the discovery server.

*2*     Setup discovery server
                Before setting up, we may think that why here we are not using helm.
                        there are two reasons on why we are using helm 
                        1st is that Discovery Server is a one time setup inside the kubernetes cluster. And we don't
                                have to do multiple changes every time. with that reason, manually running these
                                mainfest files should be fine becuse this is only one time activity.
                        2nd is reason is as of now there is no helm chart developed by the helm chart community, including
                                Bitnami for these discovery server.
                                So if we try to integrate these manifest file into our eazybank helm chart, then it is
                                going to need a lot of efforest which I felt like it is not worth since this is only
                                going to be one time activity.

        As we know the command to apply the mainfest, we'll use the same.
                d:/../section17/kubernetes> kubectl apply -f kubernetes-discoveryserver.yml


*3* Changes in MS to remove eureka.

        As a next step, we need to make some code changes inside our MS to remove the Eureka related changes.
        On top of that, we should also make some changes inside our MS to leverage the discovery server
        exposed by Kubernetes.

        So we'll copy all from the section 14 because section 14 has the latest and greatest MS code changes.
        so we'll copy the accounts, cards, configserver, gatewayserver, loans, message and paste them in
        section17 folder. we don't need eureka MS anymore.\

        And then we'll copy the helm folder form section16 and paste it in section17 folder.
            we'll update the helm chart as well, as we need to remove the eureka server from our helm charts.

    
*4* Changes in Accounts MS
        1st we'll update the pom.
            changed the image tage to s17.
            commented the dependency of eurekaClient and add dependency of kubernetes-discoveryclient.

        After these changes instructor tried to start accounts MS but got error.
            In CustomerController.java  import org.apache.http.HttpStatus was being used, which causing error
            after removing the eureka client dependency.
            So he replaced it with import org.apache.hc.core5.http.HttpStatus

            But in my case i am using import org.springframework.http.HttpStatus; don't know will it case some
            issue or not.

        After that we need to add an annotation in AccountsApplication.java
            @EnableDiscoveryClient

        After that we also need to update the application.yml
            remove the eureka properties. Add properties related kubernetes under spring.cloud.
                spring.cloud.kubernetes.discovery.all-namespaces = true 

            purpose of above config is that,
                as of now we are deploying all our MS into that default namespace of Kubernetes.
                But sometimes some projects they may deploy different, different applications in different, different
                namespaces.
                So in such scenarios, to make sure that our application is able to discover the services present
                inside other namespaces as well, we need to make sure we are mentioning these all namespaces as true.
        
        After this we'll need to update the code for feign client as we are using it.
            service/client/    CardsFeignClient.java  and LoansFeignClient.java

            so in these files whatever configurations we have defined there, they will work perfectly
            with Eureka Server because inside the Eureka Server, all the applications are going to be
            registered with the application names like cards and loans.
            using the same application name the accounts MS can fetch the details of all the instances
            of cards MS from the Eureka Server.
            We also provided the Eureka server conection details inside the appliction.yml so there is
            a clear integration between the accounts MS and eureka server and uisng the same integration,
            it is going to use this name which we have defined here, which is cards to get the details
            of cards, MS intance.

            Bur in the scenario of Discovery server, we are not providing any integration detials between
            the accounts MS and Discover Server. Nowhere in application.yml we have methioned
            Discover server details. so that's why the feign clients cannot really understand what
            is the service name or the host name or the dns name or the port number where it has to
            forward the request.

            So to resolve this issue we need to provide dtails with the paramerte which is URL.
            So inside the annotation of feign cliet, apart from the name as cards or loans
            we should alos mention what is the url at which the cards/loans MS is available

                url = "http://cards:9000"
            
            since the service name we are using cards and loans only at kubernetes we can metion that
            with port.
            So uisng this servicname (cards/loans) the communicatiion between accounts MS and cards MS
            is going to happen within the Kubernetes cluster and hwere all my cards MS containers are going
            to be available at the port 9000.
            So this is the only details that we need to provide to the Feign client.

            And here the Feign Client is not going to performa ny load balancing. It is simply going
            to foreward the request to this URL inside the Kubernetes cluster.

            If the same is happening outside the Kubernetes cluster, then it is not going to work because
            outside of kubernetes clustere there is not hostname or dns name with the name cards.
            So that's why whenever you are trying to do some local testing without Kubernetes cluster,
            try to give your Localhost URL.
        
        So let's make same change in LoansFeignClient.java

*5* Changes in Cards MS

        updated the pom dependency and image tag.
        Added the annotation @EnableDiscovery in CardsApplication.java
        next update the application.yml, remove the eureka properties and add nampasce as true.

        since card and loans MS does not have feign client,hence no other changes.

*6* Changes in Loans MS
        
        same changes as cards
        updated the pom dependency and image tag.
        Added the annotation @EnableDiscovery in LoansApplication.java
        next update the application.yml, remove the eureka properties and add nampasce as true.

        since card and loans MS does not have feign client,hence no other changes.

*7* Changes in Message MS

        just change the tag to s17

*8* Change in gatewayserver

        first lets update the pom dependency and image tag.
        Add annotation @EnableDiscoveryClient in GatewayserverApplication.java
        Now in same file we have mentioned uri as lb://MSName   here lb means loadbalancing
        means we are asking gatewayserver server to do the loadbalancing with that line.
        But with new approach we don't want that so we'll update the uri as below
                .uri("http://accounts:8080")    here we are not hardcoding the ip or domain
        as long as the service is started with name accounts the feignclient will work fine.

        now we need to update the application.yml
                we'll remove the eureka server properties which mentioned as below
                spring.cloud.discovery.locator.enabled=false
                spring.cloud.discovery.locator.lowerCaseServiceId = true

                we'll remove above two properties related to eureka and kubernetes properties as below
                        spring.cloud.kubernetes.discovery.enabled=true
                        spring.cloud.kubernetes.discovery.all-namespaces=true


*9* Changes in helm char related to s17.