*1* Why Resiliency
    i. How Do We Avoid Cascading Failures?
            One Failed or slow service should not have a ripple effect on the other microservices.
            Like in the scenarios of multiple microservices are communicating, we need to make sure that
            the entire chain of microservices does not fail with the failure of a single microservice.

    ii. How Do We Handle Failures Gracefully With Fallbacks?
            In a chain of multiple microservices, how do we build a Fallback mechanism if one of the
            microservice is not working. Like returning a default value or return values from cache or
            call another service/DB to fetch the results etc.

    iii. How To Make Our Service Self-Healing Capable
            In the cases of slow performing service, how do we configure timeouts, retries and give
            time for a failed service to recover itself.

    Ensuring system stability and resilience is crucial for providing a reliable service to users.
    One of the critical aspects in achieving a stable and resilient system for production is managing
    the integration points between services over a network.

    There exist various patterns for building resilient applications. In the Java ecosystem, Hystrix,
    a library developed by Netflix, was widely used for implementing such patterns. However, Hystrix entered
    maintenance mode in 208 and is no longer being actively developed. To address this, Resilience4J has
    gained significant popularity, stepping in to fill the gap left by Hystrix.
    Resilience4J provides a comprehensive set of features for building resilient applications and has
    become a go-to choice for Java developers.


*2* Resiliency Using Resilience4J
        Resilience4J is a lightweight fault tolerance library designed for functional programming. It
        offers the following patterns for increasing fault tolerance due to network problems or failure
        of any of the multiple service:
        i.      Circuit breaker - Used to stop making requests when a service invoked is failing
        ii.     Fallback - Alternative paths to failing requests
        iii.    Retry - Used to make retries when a service has temporarily failed
        iv.     Rate Limit - Limits the number of calls that a service receives in a time
        v.      Bulkhead - Limits the number of outgoing concurrent requests to a service to avoid overloading

        Website: resilience4j.readme.io -->core modules -> view more

*3* Circuit Breaker Pattern

        In a distributed environment, calls to remote resources and services can fail due to transient
        faults, such as slow network connections, timeouts, or the resources being overcommitted or 
        temporarily unavailable. These faults typically correct themselves after a short period of
        time, and a robust cloud application should be prepared to handle them.

        The circuit breaker pattern which inspired from electrical circuit breaker will monito the remote
        calls. If the calls take too long, the circuit breaker will intercede and kill the call.
        Also the circuit breaker will monitor all calls to a resource, and if enough calls fail,
        the circuit break implementation will pop, failing fast and preventing future calls to the failing
        remote resource.

        The Circuit Breaker pattern also enables an application to detect whether the fault has been
        resolved. If the problem appears to have been fixed, the application can try to invoke the
        operation.

        The advantages with circuit breaker pattern are,
                a. Fail fast
                b. Fail Gracefully
                c. Recover seamlessly -->The circuit breaker is going to help MS to recover seamlessly
                            because it is going to give them some rest for a short period of time, Like
                            30s or 90s.
                            Based upon your configurations within the 30s or 90s, the MS will try to recover
                            because there is no incoming traffic.
                            And if there is some network problem within 30 or 90s, most of the time the
                            network problems will also get resolved.

        Stages of Circuit Breaker
            i. Closed: all request allowed to go to MS. like in electrical when circuit is close current is following.
            ii.Open:   request are not allowed to flow to MS. like in electrical when circuit is open current is not allowed to flow.
            iii. Half_Open: Only few request are allowed to flow as per configurations to test if the issue with MS
                            is resolved or not. If resolved close the circuit else open it again.

            
*4* Working of Circuit Breaker:
    By default circuit breaker pattern is not going to monitor all your microservice.
    We need to configure this circuit breaker pattern wherever we need.

    When we have configured the circuit breaker pattern for one of the microservice.
    Then whenever we activate the circuit breaker pattern on any MS, it is going to control the flow
    of traffic towards the MS by using 3 different states.

    1st is closed state. Initially, when the application starts by default, the circuit breaker will be 
        in closed state.
        With this closed status, the circuit breaker pattern is going to monito all the requests coming
        towards the MS and it will try to understand whether the MS is responsding properly or if there
        are any network issue or there are any slow response from the microservice.
        So based upon these monitoring and analysis, if the the circuit breaker identifies that most of the 
        requests comming to MS are being failed, then it is going to immediately jump to the OPEN status.
        It is going to transation from close to open status is based upon the failure rate threshold that
        you have defined. like configured if 50% of my traffic that is comming towards my MS is failing,
        then please move to the open status.

    2nd stage Open Stage.
        When circuit breaker is in open status, that means it is not going to send any request to the
        actual MS. Instead, it is going to fail immediately and send the error response to the invoking MS
        at the client application.
        This way it will make sure there is no ripple effect on the invoking MS due to issue in a particular MS.

    3rd stage Half_Open
        Once circuit bereaker is in open status, it'll remain open only till time we have configured like
        90s. Once that time reache the circuit will move to Half_Open state. because the time which we gave
        MS, it maybe able to recover or network issue is resolved.
        So in Half_Open state the circuit breaker will allow only few request based on the configurations
        like 10 or 20 requests. And again if at least 50% of the request are failing, then it will again
        jump back to  the open status and wait again for 90s.
        So this cycle fom open to Half_Open and Half_Open to open will continusously happen peridically.
        
        At some point of time when my circuit breaker realizes that majority of the trafic or the requests
        are being processed successfully, then it will move from Half_Open to CLOSED status.
    